📖 Add v1.14 release schedule (#13574)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/releases/release-1.14.md

# Cluster API v1.14

## Timeline

The following table shows the preliminary dates for the `v1.14` release cycle.

| **What**                                             | **Who**      | **When**                    | **Week** |
|------------------------------------------------------|--------------|-----------------------------|----------|
| Start of Release Cycle                               | Release Lead | Monday 27th April 2026      | week 1   |
| Schedule finalized                                   | Release Lead | Friday 1st May 2026         | week 1   |
| Team finalized                                       | Release Lead | Friday 1st May 2026         | week 1   |

> | *v1.12.x & v1.13.x released*                         | Release Lead | Tuesday 28th April 2026     | week 1   |

Reviewer: I will drop this line
According to the 1.13 release plan the 28th of April we are going to release only v1.13.1, and this is usually considered the last step of the previous release cycle

Author: Thanks, Done

> | *v1.12.x & v1.13.x released*                         | Release Lead | Tuesday 26th May 2026       | week 5   |

Reviewer: I think there is something off with the monthly release patch

Considering we are releasing last patches of the 1.13 cycle Apr 20th (week0), and we would like to release every 4 weeks, I would expect to have monthly patch release in the following weeks:

- week4 (week0 + 4 weeks)
- week9 (+ 4 weeks, but we agreed to move by 1 due to KubeCon india)
- week12 (+4, back to the regular cadence, beta-0)
- week16 (+4, same day of GA)

Author: Makes sense 👍, Done

| Communicate upcoming code freeze to the community    | Comms Lead   | Tuesday 14th July 2026      | week 12  |
| v1.14.0-beta.x released                              | Release Lead | Tuesday 21st July 2026      | week 13  |
| release-1.14 branch created (**Begin Code Freeze**)  | Release Lead | Tuesday 28th July 2026      | week 14  |
| v1.14.0-rc.0 released                                | Release Lead | Tuesday 28th July 2026      | week 14  |
| release-1.14 jobs created                            | CI Lead      | Tuesday 28th July 2026      | week 14  |
| v1.14.0-rc.x released                                | Release Lead | Tuesday 4th August 2026     | week 15  |
| **v1.14.0 released**                                 | Release Lead | Tuesday 11th August 2026    | week 16  |
| *v1.12.x & v1.13.x released*                         | Release Lead | Tuesday 11th August 2026    | week 16  |
| Organize release retrospective                       | Release Lead | TBC                         | week 16  |
| *v1.14.1 released (tentative)*                       | Release Lead | Tuesday 18th August 2026    | week 17  |

> After CAPI v1.14.0, the v1.14.1 release will follow shortly after GA. Monthly patch releases will continue for supported versions (v1.12.x and v1.13.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After CAPI v1.14.0, the .1 release will follow up to add support for Kubernetes 1.37.0 when it becomes available. After .1, we expect to do monthly patch releases (more details will be provided in the v1.15 release schedule).
```
